Doc: Update eos_cli_config_gen contribution guide to add rule for empty dictionary input (#7004)
aristanetworks/avd: docs/contribution/authoring_eos_cli_config_gen.md

8. **Exclamation Marks:** Place exclamation marks `!` correctly as per the EOS running-config.
9. Along with EOS config template, update the documentation template as well (if required).
10. Implement only commands visible in `show running-config all` of the EOS device. We should not hide config if given by the user.

> 11. **Empty Dictionary Should Not Generate Config:** The presence of an empty dictionary alone must not be enough to generate configuration. Always check for a meaningful child key (e.g., `enabled: true`) rather than relying on the existence of the parent dictionary. This avoids producing unintended config when a user defines a parent key without providing any actual values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. **Empty Dictionary Should Not Generate Config:** The presence of an empty dictionary alone must not be enough to generate configuration. Always validate the presence of a meaningful child key (e.g., `enabled: true`) instead of relying solely on the existence of the parent dictionary. This prevents unintended configuration generation when a user defines a parent key without providing any actual values.
```

    For example, to render `neighbor some-neighbor default-originate`, the template should check for the explicit child key:

    ```yaml
    neighbors:
      - name: some-neighbor
        default_originate:
          enabled: true
    ```

>     An empty `default_originate:` block must not trigger config generation. The template should check `default_originate.enabled` rather than just the presence of `default_originate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An empty `default_originate:` block must not trigger configuration generation. The template should check `default_originate.enabled` rather than just the presence of `default_originate`.
```
